docs: add Icons rendering section (#2217)
Orange-OpenSource/Orange-Boosted-Bootstrap: site/content/docs/5.3/extend/icons.md

They are not open-source though and should only be used for Orange projects. Please refer to the [icons license file]({{< param icons_license >}}) for legal information.

## Icons rendering

> Icons are designed within a square layout to preserve consistency. Within this square, there exists a designated safety zone to ensure that icons can be used in various sizes and contexts while ensuring alignment as intended by the designers. The dimensions of the icons encompass this safety zone, ensuring adaptability and consistency across diverse applications.

Author: ```suggestion
Icons are designed within a square layout to preserve consistency. Within this square, there exists a designated safety zone to guarantee that icons can be used in various sizes and contexts while maintaining alignment as intended by the designers. The dimensions of the icons encompass this safety zone, ensuring adaptability and consistency across diverse applications.
```
